readtxtu.txt:   Contents of the 'TEXTURE PACK' which accompanies 
		the HTML Reference Documentation

		These batch files enable you easily to create all 
		the sound examples described in the Texture HTML 
		reference documentation: cgrotext.htm in \html

		by Archer Endrich
		Last Updated:  30 January 2004


     I recommend that you:
	  1. - put all of the Texture Pack in a special 
		folder, e.g., named 'texturepack', including the 
		program TEXTURE.EXE and cgrotext.htm (it's in \html)

	  2. - print out readtxtu.txt as your main guide (this document)

	  3. - print out ndfchart.htm (double-sided recommended) for 
		deskside reference (it's in \html)

	  4. - use the SoundShaper Presets or Sound Loom Patches to 
		run each example described in the Reference Documentation 
		one at a time.

		The SoundShaper Presets are contained in the default 
		Presets.dat that comes with your system.  It loads 
		automatically when you open SoundShaper.

		The Sound Loom Patches are contained in the _cdpatch 
		folder.  These also load automatically and you will find 
		them in listed in the Patches column when you enter a 
		Texture Function.  You may need to consult with the 
		HTML Reference Documentation first so ensure that you 
		select the correct mode (e.g., neutral, which is Mode 5) 
		when selecting the Function.  Otherwise, you might not 
		find the Patch you're looking for.

		It is not really possible to set the paths accurately 
		for all possible system configurations, so you 
		may need to adjust the paths to the Note Data File (NDF) 
		and any breakpoint files used by the example.

	    OR run the Batch Files provided to create the sound examples 
		in groups relating to each Texture Program:

	    4a. - call up MS-DOS and change directory to \Texturepack

	    4b. - run the batch files by entering the name of the .bat 
		files (with or without the .bat extension).  The 
		system will find the TEXTURE.EXE in that (the 
		current) folder because it will automatically look 
		there first.  

		If TEXTURE.EXE is only to be found in \bin or \_cdprogs, 
		i.e., you haven't placed a copy in \texturepack, then you 
		have to ensure that the path to the CDP executables is set 
		on the system:  in autoexec.bat or (Windows 2000/XP) 
		directly in the Environment Variables -- see your 
		Installation Notes.

		Note that CDP_SOUND_EXT=wav is set at the beginning of 
		each batch file.  Unless this is set, the system is 
		unlikely to recognise the input soundfile.  If this is 
		already set on your system (e.g., in autoexec.bat or 
		directly in the Environment Variables) you could remove 
		this line.

	    4c. - make the sounds from the batch files, one batch 
		file at a time and listen to them a few times, reading 
		the (brief) descriptions in the batch files and the 
		overall description of that function in ndfchart.htm

	  5. - Now look through the reference documentation in 
		cgrotext.htm (call up and keep parked on your task bar) 
		for that function, trying out any variants suggested.  

		This is very easy when using the Presets or Patches in 
		SoundShaper or Sound Loom.

		With batch files, you could copy the first example in the 
		batch file (along with the list of parameters) and make a 
		new batch file to run just that one command.  You can then 
		edit that batch file and 'ring the changes' with relative 
		ease.
		


	It may also be useful to print out the .txt forms of the 
	batch files for easy reference.  They include carriage returns 
	so that all parameters in the command lines are printed.  Note 
	that these carriage returns mean that the .txt forms cannot 
	by run as batch files.

	The Texture Pack comprise support materials for users of the 
	CDP System.  It is not for distribution to those who have 
	not purchased a CDP System.


HTML FILES
	cgrotext.htm (28 May 2002 12:34) - main reference document
	ndfchart.htm - printable reference chart for ndfs (2 sides 
		of A-4, double-sided printing recommended)
	notechpr.htm - prints 2 sides of Equivalent Pitch Notations 
		so that you can easily reference Midi Note Values

SOURCE SOUND(s)
	horn.wav (as used in the Theocharidis GrainMill Tutorial)
		sustains for 5.26 sec.
	marimba.wav - single marimba stroke 0.99 sec.

	Try other sounds such as bells, as well as inharmonic sounds 
		to make unpitched textures.
	

BATCH FILES TO MAKE THE EXAMPLES 
	simplexs.bat
	groupexs.bat
	decorexs.bat
	motifexs.bat
	ornatexs.bat
	timedexs.bat
	tgrouexs.bat
	tmotiexs.bat


BATCH FILES TO DELETE THE SOUNDS MADE
	simpldel.bat
	groupdel.bat
	decordel.bat
	motifdel.bat
	ornatdel.bat
	timeddel.bat
	tgroudel.bat
	tmotidel.bat


TIME-VARYING PARAMETERS
simplexs.bat	packchng.brk
		simplpak.brk
		grplo.brk
		grphi.brk
		simplpak.brk
groupexs.bat	grppack.brk
decorexs.bat	dm5gprhi.brk
		dx3gprhi.brk
motifexs.bat	none
ornatexs.bat	none (see suggestions in text)
timedexs.bat	none
tgrouexs.bat	none
tmotiexs.bat	none


BATCH FILE	NOTE DATA FILES	OUTPUT SOUNDFILES	DELETION FILE
simplexs.bat	ndfsim1.txt	simplex1a/b.wav		simpldel.bat
		ndfsim2.txt	simplex2.wav
		ndfsim3a.txt	simplex3a.wav
		ndfsim3b.txt	simplex3b/c.wav
		ndfsim4a.txt	simplex4a/b.wav
		ndfsim4b.txt	simplex4c.wav
		ndfsim5.txt	simplex5.wav
		ndfsim6.txt	simplex5.wav

groupexs.bat	ndfgrp1.txt	groupex1-6.wav		groupdel.bat

decorexs.bat	ndfdec1.txt	decorex1a/b.wav		decordel.bat
		ndfdec2a.txt	decorex2a.wav
		ndfdec2b.txt	decorex2b.wav
		ndfdec2c.txt	decorex2c.wav
		ndfdec3.txt	decorex3.wav

motifexs.bat	ndfmot1.txt	motifex1.wav		motifdel.bat
		ndfmot2.txt	motifex2a/b/c.wav
		ndfmot3.txt	motifex3a/b/c.wav
		ndfmot4.txt	motifex4.wav

ornatexs.bat	ndforn1.txt	ornatex1.wav		ornatdel.bat
		ndforn2.txt	ornatex2.wav
		ndforn3.txt	ornatex3.wav
		ndforn4.txt	ornatex4.wav

timedexs.bat	ndftim1.txt	timedex1.wav		timeddel.bat
		ndftim2.txt	timedex2.wav
		ndftim3.txt	timedex3a/b.wav

tgrouexs.bat	ndftgr1.txt	tgrouex1a/b/c/d.wav	tgroudel.bat
		ndftgr2.txt	tgrouex2.wav

tmotiexs.bat	ndftmo1.txt	tmotiex1.wav		tmotidel.bat
		ndftmo2.txt	tmotiex2a/b.wav

