readtxtu.txt:   Contents of the 'TEXTURE PACK' which accompanies 
		the HTML Reference Documentation

		by Archer Endrich
		Last Updated:  20 July 2000
ZIP FILE
	texturepack.zip


PROGRAM VERSION
	texture.exe 9 March 2000 18:43  (command line use)
	Using this version is essential, because previous versions 
	did not parse the millisecond parameter inputs -- the whole 
	function to do this was missed out.  One could use seconds, 
	but all the documentation in this 'texture pack' is now 
	geared up for milliseconds.

	This program is included in texture packs being sent for 
	Sound Loom users, because the Sound Loom TEXTURE.EXE does 	
	not handle command line use.  Keep separate from your 
	Sound Loom TEXTURE.EXE -- do not overwrite the latter!  
	I recommend you put all of the texture pack in a special 
	folder, including the command line TEXTURE.EXE, call up 
	MS-DOS, go to that folder and run the batch files.  It 
	will find the TEXTURE.EXE in that folder because it will 
	automatically look there first.

	It may also be useful to print out the .txt forms of the 
	batch files for easy reference.

	SoundShaper users do not need to have this TEXTURE.EXE 
	because they already have this version as part of their 
	distribution.


HTML FILES
	cgrotext.htm (18 July 2000) - main reference document
	ndfchart.htm - printable reference chart for ndfs (2 sides 
		of A-4, double-sided printing recommended)

SOURCE SOUND(s)
	horn.wav (as used in the Theocharidis GrainMill Tutorial)
		sustains for 5.26 sec.
	marimba.wav - single marimba stroke 0.99 sec.

	Try other sounds such as bells, as well as inharmonic sounds 
		to make unpitched textures.
	

BATCH FILES TO MAKE THE EXAMPLES (simplexs.txt etc. are forms of the 
file for printing:  with carriage returns so see all the parameters.  
These carriage returns invalidate the actual batch file as they prevent 
it from running the command properly).

	simplexs.bat
	groupexs.bat
	decorexs.bat
	ornatexs.bat
	motifexs.bat
	timedexs.bat
	tgrouexs.bat
	tmotiexs.bat

BATCH FILES TO DELETE THE SOUNDS MADE
	simpldel.bat
	groupdel.bat
	decordel.bat
	ornatdel.bat
	motifdel.bat
	timeddel.bat
	tgroudel.bat
	tmotidel.bat

BATCH FILE	NOTE DATA FILES	OUTPUT SOUNDFILES	DELETION FILE
simplexs.bat	ndfsim1.txt	simplex1a/b.wav		simpldel.bat
		ndfsim2.txt	simplex2.wav
		ndfsim3a.txt	simplex3a.wav
		ndfsim3b.txt	simplex3b/c.wav
		ndfsim4a.txt	simplex4a/b.wav
		ndfsim4b.txt	simplex4c.wav
		ndfsim5.txt	simplex5.wav
		ndfsim6.txt	simplex5.wav

groupexs.bat	ndfgrp1.txt	groupex1-6.wav		groupdel.bat

decorexs.bat	ndfdec1.txt	decorex1a/b.wav		decordel.bat
		ndfdec2a.txt	decorex2a.wav
		ndfdec2b.txt	decorex2b.wav
		ndfdec2c.txt	decorex2c.wav
		ndfdec3.txt	decorex3.wav

ornatexs.bat	ndforn1.txt	ornatex1.wav		ornatdel.bat
		ndforn2.txt	ornatex2.wav
		ndforn3.txt	ornatex3.wav
		ndforn4.txt	ornatex4.wav

motifexs.bat	ndfmot1.txt	motifex1.wav		motifdel.bat
		ndfmot2.txt	motifex2a/b/c.wav
		ndfmot3.txt	motifex3a/b/c.wav
		ndfmot4.txt	motifex4.wav

timedexs.bat	ndftim1.txt	timedex1.wav		timeddel.bat
		ndftim2.txt	timedex2.wav
		ndftim3.txt	timedex3a/b.wav

tgrouexs.bat	ndftgr1.txt	tgrouex1a/b/c/d.wav	tgroudel.bat
		ndftgr2.txt	tgrouex2.wav

tmotiexs.bat	ndftmo1.txt	tmotiex1.wav		tmotidel.bat
		ndftmo2.txt	tmotiex2a/b.wav


TIME-VARYING PARAMETERS
simplexs.bat	packchng.brk
		grplo.brk
		grphi.brk
		simplpak.brk
groupexs.bat	grppack.brk
decorexs.bat	dm5gprhi.brk
		dx3gprhi.brk
ornatexs.bat	none
motifexs.bat	none
timedexs.bat	none
tgrouexs.bat	none
tmotiexs.bat	none

KNOWN BUGS
Mode 5 in MOTIFS, ORNATE and TMOTIFS:  the figure plays once, and then
subsequent repetitions only play the first two notes.  This bug is 
only in the command line version of TEXTURE.EXE.  It is correct in the 
Sound Loom version of TEXTURE.EXE.  (You can therefore realise these 
Mode 5 examples if you have Sound Loom.)

MOTIFSIN refuses to read a harmonic field/set in both versions of 
TEXTURE.EXE.
